At $3 million a month in ad spend, you
start to notice patterns. In this video,
I want to cover PPC strategy that
actually is working for our clients
today. The strategies we cover today are
going to help you if you're struggling
with low conversion rates, dealing with
poor lead quality, or just lack
qualified pipeline from your paid media
activities. If you're new to the
channel, I'm Sylvia Perez. I'm the
founder of Ad Conversion. We teach 8,000
plus B2B marketers how to master ads
with our free courses and manage over $3
million a month in ad spend for B2B SAS
brands. So, when it comes to B2B and
ads, that's our jam and you're in the
right place. I've got seven strategies
for you today. So, let's kick off with
the first one. Okay, strategy number one
is exhausting high intent. This is the
first place you want to start where you
want to get wins quickly. The the way I
explain this to clients is it's almost
like paying your bills. You want to keep
the lights on first while you're
building for the future, right? And and
you're building that house that you
want. But before you can move out and do
all those things, you got to make sure
what you have right now is taken care
of. And the way that happens in practice
with ads is you want to exhaust high
intent. So high intent is paid search.
It's paid review. It's tapping into
sources where there's already
solutionaware and problemaware
individuals trying to solve real pain
points. So, for example, when you go to
Google Ads and you bid on non-brand
keywords or you bid on competitors,
that's an example of high intent. When
you go to paid review and you're bidding
on websites like Capterra or software
advice, people who are going and trying
to find solutions to their problems and
you just show up and you try to convert
them. This is the first best place to
start. However, the challenge with this
is it's expensive. Everyone is trying to
exhaust high intent. So, you can't just
rely on this, but it can definitely get
you going in the beginning. The second
one is AB testing your landing pages.
Uh, for every dollar you spend on your
ads, spend $2 on your landing pages.
Your landing pages are everything. It's
half your success when it comes to
exhausting high intent successfully. I
can't tell you how many people have come
and worked with us on their agency and
they're spending $100,000 a month on
paid search with a conversion rate of 2%
and they're stressing bidding strategies
and search terms reports when in reality
they should be stressing getting that
conversion rate up from 2% to at least
5% or more so that their campaigns can
be much more effective and AB testing
your landing pages given the state of
B2B landing pages out there. I mean it
the bar is so low that I mean we could
do a whole separate video on this if you
guys are interested. Just let me know in
the comments. But I have never not had a
good return on not just investment
effort when it came to optimizing and
improving my landing pages. Just a quick
tip for everyone here. If you guys want
to get a quick win with your landing
pages and improving them, uh optimize
the amount of forms on your field. So if
you're asking for like eight pieces of
information, it is proven. If you ask
for more uh more information, you're
going to get less conversions. If you
ask for less information, you will get
uh more conversions. So ask for the
minimum required. Even better, what we
like to do for our clients is we use
multi-step fields. So on the first
field, it will just ask for the bare
minimum name, email, and then from
there, we enroll them into a multistep
and through the multistep we can further
pre-qualify and get the information we
need for sales. The third strategy is
building custom lists. Your data is a
massive advantage or at least your
ability to source highquality data can
be a massive advantage. So when I talk
about building custom lists, I'm talking
about account lists. So company name,
domain for accountbased motions, I'm
talking about contact lists. So, if
you're able to tap into contacts from
your CRM or if you're able to tap into
contacts from external databases like
Apollo, Zoom Info, etc., and you can
build high quality lead lists, you can
leverage this for ad targeting because
the reality is is even if we're talking
about LinkedIn and running ads on
LinkedIn, LinkedIn is not perfect. It's
definitely the best, but it's still not
perfect. So, if you can source these
highquality data sets, these these
contact lists, and then you can layer
these contact lists into your campaign,
it's going to give you a dramatic
advantage in terms of your ability to
just get outside the gate and already
hit the ground running. Because when you
run ads, there's really three things you
need to nail. The first one is your
audience. You have to make sure you're
getting in front of the right people. If
you're sourcing these lists, that's
pretty much solved for you for the most
part. uh definitely some things to be
done but it's mostly taken care of. The
next one is your actual ads and the
messaging and the creative concepts. You
have to make sure that you're resonating
with people. And then lastly is your
actual experience, your offer that
you're giving people and the funnel or
landing page experience you're creating
on the back of that. So building custom
lists, highly recommend it. You will
save a lot of wasted spend. The fourth
one is piloting a onetoone or oneto ABM
motion with your sales team. The way we
think about ABM is ABM is sales and
marketing working together to break into
a list of accounts. It is a team sport.
And if you're getting started with paid
social aka LinkedIn ads, meta ads, etc.
Basically something that is not paid
search or paid review. Now you have to
play the long game. Now you have to get
more strategic because now it's no
longer going to work for you. just
promoting a demo ad uh against an
audience and hoping they convert because
again that level of intent is not there
anymore. So running an account-based
motion where you are providing air cover
and sales is also outreaching is
dramatically more effective than
marketing working in a silo just trying
to target some random audience they
found on LinkedIn and trying to drive
pipeline from it. Not to say that that
can't work. It definitely can work from
a demand genen perspective. But if you
want to drive ROI faster, nothing beats
it like sourcing your lists through ABM,
aligning with your sales team, and then
trying to break into those accounts
together as a team. The fifth one is
testing radically different creative
concepts. I think it's fair to say that
most of us will agree that most ads in
B2B are boring. And when I say boring, I
mean they're not inspiring. They do not
drive action, nor do they drive
motivation or the urgency needed to
drive action. And that is why most
people think ads in B2B are boring. And
what we have found through creative
testing is the thing that you can test
that will drive the greatest lift on
your campaign's performance from a
creative standpoint isn't the copy. It's
not even the design of the colors or
anything like that. It is the concept of
the ad itself. So, for example, a meme
versus a product illustration uh versus
a before and after. Those are all three
different radically different creative
concepts that look and feel completely
different. And through testing creative
concepts, you're basically creating
three unique experiences for the user.
And then that will drive a much better
response rate in our experience in terms
of actually driving a meaningful impact
on your campaigns. Because the challenge
and the trap we see most B2B brands fall
into is they will test ads and they will
make such micro changes to their ads
that it's basically the same ad just
with small iterations. So for example,
you have one ad in red and now you're
testing an ad in blue. To the user, it's
the same ad. Like it's not really, you
know, inspiring. And there is a place
for testing micro optimizations, but
when you're just getting started, I
would heavily recommend focusing on
creative concepts first. Figure out what
works and then double down with the
micro testing. I hope you're enjoying
this video so far. I just wanted to take
a quick second and say if you are loving
this video, if you're loving the
channel, please help us get this small
channel out to more people by giving
this video a thumbs up. And if you want
to go deeper on B2B ads and you want to
become a master, then definitely come
check us out at ad conversion and join
8,000 plus B2B marketers that are taking
our free courses on topics like Reddit,
LinkedIn, and Google Ads. You can get
all of this when you sign up for free.
Seriously, for free. If you don't
believe me, check out our wall of love
on the reviews page. Uh hear what people
have to say about us on Reddit and
LinkedIn and you'll see like we are the
real deal and we're really trying to
create the one place where you can go to
master B2B ads. So, if you're liking our
channel, you're liking everything, would
mean the world if you can help us spread
the word. And definitely when you're
ready, come check us out at
conversion.com. Okay, the sixth strategy
is scaling outside of Google and
LinkedIn. B2B companies, they are
trapped by LinkedIn and Google. Like,
they just can't seem to get outside of
it. And there is a big world out there
on the internet and it's filled with so
many incredible platforms and so many
incredible places where your prospects
hang out. And you know it's an
opportunity at the end of the day for
you to tap into more demand usually at a
much lower cost as well so that you can
get in front of the people that matter.
So not saying you shouldn't run ads on
Google LinkedIn. They are definitely the
heartbeat. They are definitely the the
Goliaths if you will the giants that you
should tackle and and you know make work
for you first. But when you're ready,
there's a lot of opportunity to be had
on meta ads. For those watching this,
and if you haven't tried Meta, Facebook,
Instagram ads for B2B. It works
incredibly well and oftent times we're
seeing lower cost per opportunities on
Meta than we are on LinkedIn given the
reduction in the distribution cost. In
addition to that, you should highly
check out YouTube ads. We have ran some
serious tests on YouTube ads and we have
seen YouTube increase the search lift on
branded traffic aka my YouTube ads drive
awareness which drive more awareness of
the business which ultimately manifests
in more demo bookings through people
searching you and looking up your brand
name organically. So YouTube is also a
massive opportunity. You can also run
targeted audience against search terms
so that instead of paying $60 a click on
Google ads, now you can reach the same
traffic for a fraction of the cost
through YouTube ads. That's a
possibility. Reddit ads is also another
possibility. Your prospects go to
LinkedIn to network, but they go to
Reddit to solve real problems and get
answers to their problems and make
decisions. So, if you can join
subreddits that are relevant, get a part
of the conversation, those are also
opportunities for you. So getting
outside of Google and LinkedIn is a
massive opportunity for most brands. And
when we're able to unlock a third
channel, it really creates a level of
comfort and stability for the business
in a dramatic way. Finally, the seventh
strategy is remarketing and accelerating
open deals. When it comes to B2B, being
a part of the consideration set is half
the battle. You want to be part of the
roster, the short list. when that buying
committee is ready to go into market and
they start to research opportunities,
you want to be a part of that short list
of vendors that they have uh when
they're trying to make their decision.
And the way you do that is by showing
up, showing often and doing it with
class so you build brand affinity and
trust. You add real value so in the
future when they are ready to make a
decision, they are already considering
you and you have a leg up against the
competition. And two of the best ways we
found to do that is through remarketing
and acceleration campaigns. Remarketing
is pretty straightforward. This is where
you're retargeting people based on their
behaviors online and how they've engaged
with your brand. So people that have
been to your website, gone to your
LinkedIn company page, people that are
in certain stages in your CRM, all of
that can be retargeted where now you
could show them thought leadership
content, social proof content, product
marketing content. We basically think of
remarketing as a newsletter and we're
basically showing them all this
incredible content. We're staying in
front of them across channels. So again,
when they're ready, we are part of the
consideration set. And then fast forward
when they become an open opportunity.
Now, this creates the opportunity for
acceleration campaigns. And with
acceleration campaigns, we are running
ads against qualified open
opportunities. We are trying to improve
the win rates, shorten the sales cycles,
and be a partner to sales to get these
deals over the finish line. Hope this
video was valuable. Be sure to give this
video a thumbs up. Really helps us grow
our reach as a small channel. And
subscribe so you can be notified of
future videos. When you're ready, check
out adconversion.com and join our
community of 8,000 plus B2B marketers
and master ads with our free courses.
Thank you so much. Eternally grateful.
I'll see you in the next one.